# polys-adventures
Mathematics is a diverse and complex subject, containing an enriching historical background with roots in various cultures and eras. Discoveries spanning thousands of years coalesce to create our modern understanding of mathematics, but the comprehension of such depths is often lost in teaching. When mathematics is introduced to students, there is a lack of contextual understanding. It is my goal to communicate the history of mathematics in a new medium. My adoration and curiosity for math began when my 10th-grade Algebra teacher explained math through historical roots. I wish to provide a platform for others to discover a similar interest, perhaps even passion. 

In order to educate people on the history of mathematics, my friend and I created a video game using Unity and C# to immerse players through a popular and familiar medium: a video game. The trailer for Poly's Math Adventures showcases an overview of the game's contents, inviting players to explore math in a casual and entertaining dynamic. By traveling through different time periods and regions, players can learn how the vast field of mathematics has been influenced by different eras, cultures, and significant individuals. For example, the marketplace allows players to see how the Indians introduced the concept of Zero and Islamic mathematicians created our current numeral system.

Through Unity, we created pixel art backgrounds with Tile Maps and animations through a timeline track. We used C# through Unity as our programming language to create scripts for character movement, camera movement, dialog, detecting collisions, and interacting with the baboons. The art was created for Poly, the main character, Euclid, the baboons, the Ishango bone, Pythagoras, the secret formula bottle, and the marketplace people. Finally, we employed the use of Adobe Premiere Pro to edit the trailer together.
